Allow existence of non-tenant processors (#193)
AxonFramework/extension-multitenancy: README.md

}
```

### Advanced configuration

#### Overriding default message source

> You can override default message source for each tenant by defining following bean:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can override the default message source for each tenant by defining the following bean:
```

```
    @Bean
    public MultiTenantStreamableMessageSourceProvider multiTenantStreamableMessageSourceProvider(AxonServerEventStore customSource) {
        return (defaultTenantSource, processorName, tenantDescriptor, configuration) -> {
            if (tenantDescriptor.tenantId().startsWith("tenant-custom")) {
                return customSource;
            }
            return defaultTenantSource;

        };
    }
```

> Bean should return `StreamableMessageSource` that will be used for specific tenant. This lambda will be called for each tenant and each event processor, so be sure to return a default tenant source if you don't want to override it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bean should return a `StreamableMessageSource` that will be used for specific tenants. This lambda will be called for each tenant and each event processor, so be sure to return a default tenant source if you don't want to override it.
```

#### Disable multi-tenancy for specific Event Processor

> In certain cases, you may want to disable multi-tenancy for specific Event Processor which does not have any tenants, such as when you have event processor that is consuming events from external context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In certain cases, you may want to disable multi-tenancy for specific Event Processor which does not have any tenants.
For example, when you have an event processor that is consuming events from an external context.
```
